nice nice very nice so many people in the same device
what makes you think that a writer isn't a drug dealer?
eleanor rigby picks up the rice in a church where a wedding has been, lives in a dream
best, you've got to be the best, you've got to change the world, your number has been called
Linear Equation - an equation to which the solution is an entire line of number
For instance, the set of solutions to 2x-2y = 0 is the line x=y, which is the equation for the line of numbers where the x and y coordinates are identical:

Looking out
Across the nighttime
The city winks a sleepless eye
Hear her voice
Shake my window
Sweet seducing sighs
Get me out
Into the nighttime
Four walls won't hold me tonight
If this town
Is just an apple
Then let me take a bite

Intro

A few days ago The Washington Post called Threads as “Meta’s new Twitter clone”. Well, it is hard to deny that Threads is, indeed, too much like Twitter. Correction: old Twitter, the one that was loved by users before Elon Musk took over and brought the changes. But what is the difference between Twitter and Threads from a product perspective? Twitter is a full-blown product whereas Threads is MVP: minimum viable product.

While Twitter totally fits the CRUD rules (create, read, update, delete) from the operational language concept, in Threads you can’t even delete your own account unless you deactivate your Instagram account. Is it a tricky way of keeping people inside the app, or it’s just a consequence of being an MVP — the time will tell.

Twitter itself was introduced in 2006 and it was released as proof of MVP conception. However, over time and with the development of the product, Twitter has significantly expanded its functionality, adding new features such as images, videos, polls, the “retweet” function, and others. The product has become more complex and diverse, which goes beyond a simple MVP.

We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be
I want to stand as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can't see from the center
How nice -- to feel nothing, and still get full credit for being alive
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
Many were increasingly of the opinion that they’d all made a big mistake in coming down from the trees in the first place. And some said that even the trees had been a bad move, and that no one should ever have left the oceans.

A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.

I am an arms dealer
Fitting you with weapons in the form of words
And don't really care which side wins
Long as the room keeps singing
That's just the business I'm in
… This ain't a scene, it's a goddamn arms race
This ain't a scene, it's a goddamn arms race
This ain't a scene, it's a goddamn arms race
I'm not a shoulder to cry on, but I digress
… I'm a leading man and the lies I weave are oh so intricate
Oh so intricate yeah
I'm a leading man and the lies I weave are oh so intricate
Oh so intricate yeah
… I wrote the gospel on giving up (you look pretty sinking)
But the real bombshells have already sunk (prima donnas of the gutter)
At night we're painting your trash gold, while you sleep
Crashing not like hips or cars
No, more like p-p-parties
… This ain't a scene, it's a goddamn arms race
This ain't a scene, it's a goddamn arms race
This ain't a scene, it's a goddamn arms race
Bandwagon's full, please catch another
In machine learning, feature learning or representation learning[2] is a set of techniques that allows a system to automatically discover the representations needed for feature detection or classification from raw data. This replaces manual feature engineering and allows a machine to both learn the features and use them to perform a specific task.

The Overlook Hotel claimed the most beautfiul physical setting of any resort in the world; but Jack Torrance, the new winter caretaker, with his wife, Wendy and their five-year-old son Danny, saw much more than its splendor.

Jack saw the Overlook as an opportunity, a desperate way back from failure and despair; Wendy saw this lonely sanctuary as a frail chance to preserve their family; and Danny?....Danny, who was blessed or cursed with a shining, precognitive gift, saw visions hideously beyond the comprehension of a small boy. He sensed the evil coiled within the Overlook's one hundred and ten empty rooms; an evil that was waiting just for them.

The Shining, by Stephen King, the undisputed master of the modern horror story.

My baby don't mess around
Because she loves me so
And this I know fo sho (uh)
But does she really wanna
But can't stand to see me walk out the door? (Ah)
Don't try to fight the feeling
Because the thought alone is killin' me right now (uh)
Thank God for Mom and Dad
For sticking two together
'Cause we don't know how (c'mon)

I think I'm drowning, asphyxiated
I wanna break this spell that you've created
Your something beautiful, a contradiction
I wanna play the game, I want the friction
You will be the death of me
Yeah, you will be the death of me
Bury it
I won't let you bury it
I won't let you smother it
I won't let you murder it
And our time is running out
And our time is running out
You can't push it underground
You can't stop it screaming out
I wanted freedom, bound and restricted
I tried to give you up, but I'm addicted
Now that you know I'm trapped, sense of elation
You'd never dream of breaking this fixation


  
